Small suggestion to save resources for local dev (#3006)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/getting-started/tutorials/configure-state-pubsub.md

```

For Dapr's Pub/sub functionality, you'll need at least Redis version 5. For state store, you can use a lower version. 

> Notice that adding `--set architecture=standalone` creates a single replica Redis setup, which can save memory and resources if you are working in a local environment. 

Reviewer: I just would rephrase this to

```suggestion
Note that adding `--set architecture=standalone` to the `install` command creates a single replica Redis setup, which can save memory and resources if you are working in a local environment. 
```

> Notice that by adding `--set architecture=standalone` create a single replica redis setup which can save memory and resources if you are in working in a local environment. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice that adding `--set architecture=standalone` creates a single replica Redis setup, which can save memory and resources if you are working in a local environment. 
```
